README.md, before:

# Toward super-resolution reconstruction of diffusion-relaxation MRI using slice excitation with random overlap (SERO)
#### Felix Mortensen1, Jakub Jurek2, Jens Sjölund3, Geraline Vis4, Ronnie Wirestam1, Malwina Molendowska1, Andrzej Materka2, Filip Szczepankiewicz1

1 Department of Medical Radiation Physics, Lund University, Sweden

2 Institute of Electronics, Lodz University of Technology, Poland

3 Department of Information Technology, Uppsala University, Sweden

4 Department of Diagnostic Radiology, Lund University, Sweden

### Content
This repository contains a framework for SERO based super-resolution reconstruction, i.e. reconstructing high resolution parameter maps directly from low-resolution signals. It contains a pipeline for both pulse sequence generation for pulse sequences compatible with SERO, and a super-resolution reconstrution pipeline.

### Reference
If you use this repository, please include a reference.

Requires:

https://github.com/pulseq/pulseq

https://github.com/CIC-methods/FID-A/tree/master/inputOutput/mapVBVD

https://github.com/markus-nilsson/md-dmri

https://github.com/filip-szczepankiewicz/fwf_sequence_tools

https://github.com/filip-szczepankiewicz/safe_pns_prediction

https://github.com/filip-szczepankiewicz/fix_matlab

https://github.com/LarsonLab/MRI-education-resources/blob/main/Physics/bloch_rotate.m

Digital brain phantom comes from "BigBrain-MR: a new digital phantom with anatomically-realistic magnetic resonance properties at 100-µm resolution for magnetic resonance methods development" by Sainz Martinez et al.

Commit message:

Revise README with reference and formatting updates
Updated the README to include a reference and improved formatting.

README.md, after:

# Toward super-resolution reconstruction of diffusion-relaxation MRI using slice excitation with random overlap (SERO)
#### Felix Mortensen1, Jakub Jurek2, Jens Sjölund3, Geraline Vis4, Ronnie Wirestam1, Malwina Molendowska1, Andrzej Materka2, Filip Szczepankiewicz1

1 Department of Medical Radiation Physics, Lund University, Sweden

2 Institute of Electronics, Lodz University of Technology, Poland

3 Department of Information Technology, Uppsala University, Sweden

4 Department of Diagnostic Radiology, Lund University, Sweden

### Content
This repository contains a framework for SERO based super-resolution reconstruction, i.e. reconstructing high resolution parameter maps directly from low-resolution signals. It contains a pipeline for both pulse sequence generation for pulse sequences compatible with SERO, and a super-resolution reconstrution pipeline.

### Reference
If you use this repository, please include a reference to

F. Mortensen, J. Jurek, J. Sjölund, et al., “ Toward Super-Resolution Reconstruction of Diffusion–Relaxation MRI Using Slice Excitation With Random Overlap (SERO),” Magnetic Resonance in Medicine (2026): 1–14, https://doi.org/10.1002/mrm.70282.

Requires:

https://github.com/pulseq/pulseq

https://github.com/CIC-methods/FID-A/tree/master/inputOutput/mapVBVD

https://github.com/markus-nilsson/md-dmri

https://github.com/filip-szczepankiewicz/fwf_sequence_tools

https://github.com/filip-szczepankiewicz/safe_pns_prediction

https://github.com/filip-szczepankiewicz/fix_matlab

https://github.com/LarsonLab/MRI-education-resources/blob/main/Physics/bloch_rotate.m

Digital brain phantom comes from "BigBrain-MR: a new digital phantom with anatomically-realistic magnetic resonance properties at 100-µm resolution for magnetic resonance methods development" by Sainz Martinez et al.
